He can't die even if you die
Hahahaha, a group of people came outside.
Take the gun off
Go have a look
The black fish is not dead
Over to you hehehe
Positioning is on our side
They have guns and are more prepared than us
How do you know the facts?
Hey, what are you doing?
let in
Brother, what is this place?
Let's go in and have a look
What are you doing?
It's okay to wander around
wander around
Do you know where this is?
Ah!
Get out of here
What if I don't get out?
Hey bro, I'm in the wrong place, I'm in the wrong place
Don't be impulsive, I have to go first
There must be something wrong here
Come back later.
Can't let my brother take the risk
Go, go, no delivery, no delivery.